README.md, before:

# React HSL Timetables

A web application for showing HSL stop timetables. Select your stop and view the next public transport scheduled to pass that stop.

Built with React, TypeScript, and Sass.

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Getting started

This project uses Node 10 and yarn.

1. Install dependencies
   ```
   yarn install
   ```
2. Fix sass environment bindings
   ```
   npm rebuild node-sass
   ```
3. Start the development server
   ```
   yarn start
   ```
4. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000)

There is a pre-commit hook that runs [**prettier** code formatting](https://prettier.io/). Prettier can also be run manually using `yarn prettier`.

## Tests

```
yarn test
```

By default, only tests that have changed since the previous commit are run. Running `yarn test` will run in a watch mode and give options to e.g. run all tests.

## Deployment

This project has setup for using travis-ci for building and deploying to github pages automatically from the master branch.

You can make a production build manually with

```
yarn build
```

It will print out instructions on how to serve your builded files.

Commit message:

Changed to use npm instead of yarn for easier security fixes

README.md, after:

# React HSL Timetables

A web application for showing HSL stop timetables. Select your stop and view the next public transport scheduled to pass that stop.

Built with React, TypeScript, and Sass.

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Getting started

This project uses Node 10 and npm.

1. Install dependencies
   ```
   npm install
   ```
2. Fix sass environment bindings
   ```
   npm rebuild node-sass
   ```
3. Start the development server
   ```
   npm start
   ```
4. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000)

There is a pre-commit hook that runs [**prettier** code formatting](https://prettier.io/). Prettier can also be run manually using `npm run prettier`.

## Tests

```
npm run test
```

By default, only tests that have changed since the previous commit are run. Running `npm test` will run in a watch mode and give options to e.g. run all tests.

## Deployment

This project has setup for using travis-ci for building and deploying to github pages automatically from the master branch.

You can make a production build manually with

```
npm run build
```

It will print out instructions on how to serve your builded files.
